ACPI	Advanced Configuration and Power Interface
		Provides an open standard that operating systems can use for hardware discovery, config, power mgmt, and monitoring
AMD		Advanced Micro Devices
AML		ACPI Machine Language
		Defines a type of machine language, usually found in ACPI tables provides the ACPI firmware functionality
ARD		? Active Requirements Doc
AVX		Advanced Vector Extensions
		Extensions to the x86 instruction set for Intel and AMD
AVX2	Advanced Vector Extensions 2
		Expands most integer commands to 256 bits and introduces FMA
AVX-512	Advanced Vector Extensions 512
		Expands most integer commands to 512 bits by utilizing the EVEX prefix
CCTK	Client Configuration Toolkit
		Dell software that provides BIOS configuration capabilities to Dell client systems like Optiplex, Latitude, and Precision workstations
CMOS	Complementary Metal-Oxide-Semiconductor
		BIOS Configuration memory stores BIOS settings
CSI		Common System Interface
		Intel used this term to refer to QPI in earlier processor models
DCR		? Design Change Request
DDR		Double Data Rate
		A bus that transfers data on both rising and falling clock edges
DIMM	Dual Inline Memory Module
		This is the typical looking memory stick
DMI		Direct Media Interface
		Intel's proprietary link between north/south bridges. DMI 2.0 introduced in 2011 at 2GB/s. DMI 3.0 introduced Aug 2015 at 8 GT/s
DRAM	Dynamic Random Access Memory
		Memory that stores each bit in a separate capacitor.
		Dynamic because transistors still leak a small amount and thus must be refreshed periodically
DSI		Display Serial Interface
		A specification by MIPI Alliance aimed at reducing cost of display controllers in a mobile device and commonly targeted at LCD technology. Implemented as a high-speed differential signaling point-to-point serial bus
ECC		Error-Correcting Code memory
		A type of computer data storage that can detect and correct the most common kinds of internal data corruption. ECC memory maintains a memory system immune to single-bit errors
ELF		Executable and Linkable Format
		The file format used for executable files, object files, and libraries in Linux.
EV6		Bus name in the Athlon architecture from AMD
		AMD's version of Intel's FSB
EVEX	Enhanced Vector Extension
		An extension to the 32-bit x86 (IA-32) and 64-bit x86_64 (AMD64) instruction sets
FM		Feature Matrix
FMA		Fused Multiply-Accumulate
		A floating-point multiply-add operation performed in one step with a single rounding. That is, where an unfused multiply-add (x+y*z) would compute the product of y*z, round it to N significant bits, add the result to x, and round back to N significant bits, a fused multiply-add would compute the entire expression x+y*z to its full precision before rounding the final result down to N significant bits
FSB		Front-Side Bus
		Found on Intel architectures, this carries data between the CPU and memory controller hub (northbridge). FSB was replaced by QPI. The speed of the FSB is often used to determine system performance
FWH		Firmware Hub
HPC		High Performance Computing
		Group at Dell
GoE		? Group of Experts
GRUB	GRand Unified Bootloader
IMC		Integrated Memory Controller
		A digital circuit that manages the flow of data to and from a computer's main memory, especially when placed on the same die/chip as the microprocessor.  When not integrated to the microprocessor, it's also known as Memory Chip Controller (MCC) or Memory Controller Unit (MCU)
IOPS	I/O Operations Per Second
		A common performance measurement used to benchmark computer storage devices, i.e. HDDs, SSDs, and storage area networks (SAN). It can be measured with Iometer, IOzone, FIO, nmon, sar, etc.
LPC		Low Pin Count (bus)
		Used on IBM-compatible PC's to connect low bandwidth devices to the CPU. Most PC's with an LPC bus usually have a PCH or southbridge
M.2		Next Generation Form Factor (NGFF)
		A specification for internally mounted computer expansion cards. M.2 replaces mSATA and supports busses PCIe 3.0, SATA 3.0, and USB 3.0. The specification lists different types of connectors, each with different physical notches that denote various capabilities/features.
MIPI	Mobile Industry Processor Interface
MSR		Model Specific Register
		Any of various control registers in the x86/64 instruction set used for debugging, execution tracing, perf monitoring, etc
NGFF	Next Generation Form Factor
		Original name for M.2
NUMA	Non-Uniform Memory Access
		If a system is NUMA-capable, then this allows for 1+ CPU sockets
PAPI	Performance Application Programming Interface
		A portable interface to hardware performance counters in the CPU
PCH		Platform Controller Hub
		Successor to the Intel Hub Architecture which used north/south bridge. First appeared in Intel 5 series chipsets in 2008 (codenamed Ibex Peak) and was connected to the CPU via the DMI bus
PCU		Power Control Unit
PDL 	Page Description Language
		Specifies the arrangement of a printed page through commands from a computer that the printer carries out. HP's Printer Control Language (PCL) and Adobe's PostScript are the two most commonly used PDL's.
PLM 	Product Lifecycle Management
		The process of managing the entire lifecycle of a product from inception, through engineering design and manufacture, to service and disposal of manufactured products
PMU		Performance Monitoring Unit
		Logical part of modern processors that can be configured to monitor (count) various types of performance-related hardware events
QPI		(Intel) QuickPath Interconnect
		Point-to-point processor interconnect that replaces the front side bus
SATA	Serial Advanced Technology Attachment (or Serial ATA)
		Communicate via high-speed serial cable over two pairs of conductors
SDRAM	Synchronous Dynamic Random Access Memory
		This is DRAM that is synchronized with the system bus, which allows for pipelining instructions (vs classic DRAM)
SME		Subject Matter Expert
SMT		Surface Mount Technology
SPEC	Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation
		A big bunch of crapbags that make running benchmarks near impossible on Linux
SRAM	Static Random Access Memory
		Uses bistable latching circuitry (flip-flop) to store each bit
TBW		Total Bytes Written
		Usually refers to SSD/hard disk I/O
TLB		Translation Lookaside Buffer
		An Intel processor may cache information about the translation of linear addresses in TLBs. In general, TLBs contain entries that map page numbers to page frames.
TPS		Transfers Per Second
ULV 	Ultra Low Voltage
		A class of microprocessor that are deliberately underclocked to use less power (under 17W typically) at the expense of performance.
VDI		Virtual Desktop Infrastructure
		Practice of hosting a desktop OS within a VM running on a centralized server. Is a variation on the client/server computing model, sometimes referred to as server-based computing. Coined by VMware, Inc.